now the ZIF Ides came to Seoul at Gibeah
now the ZIF Ides came to Seoul at Gibeah is David not hiding in the hill of
is David not hiding in the hill of
is David not hiding in the hill of Hakala opposite Josh Hyman then Saul
Hakala opposite Josh Hyman then Saul
Hakala opposite Josh Hyman then Saul arose and went down to the wilderness of
arose and went down to the wilderness of
arose and went down to the wilderness of Ziff having three thousand chosen men of
Ziff having three thousand chosen men of
Ziff having three thousand chosen men of Israel with him to seek David in the
Israel with him to seek David in the
Israel with him to seek David in the wilderness of Ziff and Saul encamped in
wilderness of Ziff and Saul encamped in
wilderness of Ziff and Saul encamped in the hill of hakalo which is opposite to
the hill of hakalo which is opposite to
the hill of hakalo which is opposite to Shimon by the road but David stayed in
Shimon by the road but David stayed in
Shimon by the road but David stayed in the wilderness and he saw that Saul came
the wilderness and he saw that Saul came
the wilderness and he saw that Saul came after him into the wilderness David
after him into the wilderness David
after him into the wilderness David therefore sent out spies and understood
therefore sent out spies and understood
therefore sent out spies and understood that Saul had indeed come so David arose
that Saul had indeed come so David arose
that Saul had indeed come so David arose and came to the place where Saul had
and came to the place where Saul had
and came to the place where Saul had encamped and David saw the place where
encamped and David saw the place where
encamped and David saw the place where Saul a and Abner the son of nerve the
Saul a and Abner the son of nerve the
Saul a and Abner the son of nerve the commander of his army now Saul a within
commander of his army now Saul a within
commander of his army now Saul a within the camp with the people encamped all
the camp with the people encamped all
the camp with the people encamped all around and David answered and said to a
around and David answered and said to a
around and David answered and said to a hemic the hittite and to Abishai the son
hemic the hittite and to Abishai the son
hemic the hittite and to Abishai the son of the Sarah ayah brother of Joab who
of the Sarah ayah brother of Joab who
of the Sarah ayah brother of Joab who will go down with me to Saul in the camp
will go down with me to Saul in the camp
will go down with me to Saul in the camp and Abishai said I will go down with you
so David and Abishai came to the people
so David and Abishai came to the people by night and their soul they sleeping
by night and their soul they sleeping
by night and their soul they sleeping within the camp with his spear stuck in
within the camp with his spear stuck in
within the camp with his spear stuck in the ground by his head and Abner and the
the ground by his head and Abner and the
the ground by his head and Abner and the people lay all around him then Abishai
people lay all around him then Abishai
people lay all around him then Abishai said to David
said to David
said to David God has delivered your enemy into your
God has delivered your enemy into your
God has delivered your enemy into your hand this day
hand this day
hand this day now therefore please let me strike him
now therefore please let me strike him
now therefore please let me strike him at once with the spear right to the
at once with the spear right to the
at once with the spear right to the earth
earth
earth and I will not have to strike him a
and I will not have to strike him a
and I will not have to strike him a second time do not destroy him for who
second time do not destroy him for who
second time do not destroy him for who can stretch out his hand against the
can stretch out his hand against the
can stretch out his hand against the Lord's anointed and be killed less as
Lord's anointed and be killed less as
Lord's anointed and be killed less as the Lord lives
the Lord lives
the Lord lives the Lord shall strike him or his day
the Lord shall strike him or his day
the Lord shall strike him or his day shall come to die or he shall go out to
shall come to die or he shall go out to
shall come to die or he shall go out to battle and perish the Lord forbid that I
battle and perish the Lord forbid that I
battle and perish the Lord forbid that I should stretch out my hand against the
should stretch out my hand against the
should stretch out my hand against the Lord's anointed but please take now the
Lord's anointed but please take now the
Lord's anointed but please take now the spear and the jug of water that are by
spear and the jug of water that are by
spear and the jug of water that are by his head then let us go so David took
his head then let us go so David took
his head then let us go so David took the spear and the jug of water by Saul's
the spear and the jug of water by Saul's
the spear and the jug of water by Saul's head and they got away and no man saw or
head and they got away and no man saw or
head and they got away and no man saw or knew it or a work for they were all
knew it or a work for they were all
knew it or a work for they were all asleep because a deep sleep from the
asleep because a deep sleep from the
asleep because a deep sleep from the Lord had fallen on them now David went
Lord had fallen on them now David went
Lord had fallen on them now David went over to the other side and stood on the
over to the other side and stood on the
over to the other side and stood on the top of a hill afar off a great distance
top of a hill afar off a great distance
top of a hill afar off a great distance being between and David called out to
being between and David called out to
being between and David called out to the people and to Abner the son of nur
the people and to Abner the son of nur
the people and to Abner the son of nur do you not answer Abner who are you
do you not answer Abner who are you
do you not answer Abner who are you calling out to the king are you not a
calling out to the king are you not a
calling out to the king are you not a man and who is like you in Israel why
man and who is like you in Israel why
man and who is like you in Israel why then have you not guarded your Lord the
then have you not guarded your Lord the
then have you not guarded your Lord the king
king
king for one of the people came in to destroy
for one of the people came in to destroy
for one of the people came in to destroy your Lord the king this thing that you
your Lord the king this thing that you
your Lord the king this thing that you have done is not good as the Lord lives
have done is not good as the Lord lives
have done is not good as the Lord lives you deserve to die because you have not
you deserve to die because you have not
you deserve to die because you have not guarded your master the Lord's anointed
guarded your master the Lord's anointed
guarded your master the Lord's anointed and now see where the Kings spear is and
and now see where the Kings spear is and
and now see where the Kings spear is and the jug of water that was by his head
the jug of water that was by his head
the jug of water that was by his head that saw new David's voice is this your
that saw new David's voice is this your
that saw new David's voice is this your voice my son David it is my voice my
voice my son David it is my voice my
voice my son David it is my voice my lord o king
lord o king
lord o king why does my lord thus pursue his servant
why does my lord thus pursue his servant
why does my lord thus pursue his servant for what have I done or what evil is in
for what have I done or what evil is in
for what have I done or what evil is in my hand
my hand
my hand now therefore please let my lord the
now therefore please let my lord the
now therefore please let my lord the king hear the words of his servant if
king hear the words of his servant if
king hear the words of his servant if the Lord has stirred you up against me
the Lord has stirred you up against me
the Lord has stirred you up against me let him accept and offer him but if it
let him accept and offer him but if it
let him accept and offer him but if it is the children of men may they be
is the children of men may they be
is the children of men may they be cursed before the Lord for they have
cursed before the Lord for they have
cursed before the Lord for they have driven me out this day from sharing in
driven me out this day from sharing in
driven me out this day from sharing in the inheritance of the Lord saying go
the inheritance of the Lord saying go
the inheritance of the Lord saying go serve other gods so now do not let my
serve other gods so now do not let my
serve other gods so now do not let my blood fall to the earth before the face
blood fall to the earth before the face
blood fall to the earth before the face of the Lord for the king of the Israel
of the Lord for the king of the Israel
of the Lord for the king of the Israel has come out to seek a flee as when one
has come out to seek a flee as when one
has come out to seek a flee as when one hunts a partridge in the mountains I
hunts a partridge in the mountains I
hunts a partridge in the mountains I have seen return my son David but I will
have seen return my son David but I will
have seen return my son David but I will harm you no more because my life was
harm you no more because my life was
harm you no more because my life was precious in your eyes this day indeed I
precious in your eyes this day indeed I
precious in your eyes this day indeed I have played the fool and exceedingly
have played the fool and exceedingly
have played the fool and exceedingly here is the king's speak
here is the king's speak
here is the king's speak let one of the young men come over and
let one of the young men come over and
let one of the young men come over and get it may the Lord repay every man for
get it may the Lord repay every man for
get it may the Lord repay every man for his righteousness and his faithfulness
his righteousness and his faithfulness
his righteousness and his faithfulness for the Lord delivered you into my hand
for the Lord delivered you into my hand
for the Lord delivered you into my hand today but I would not stretch out my
today but I would not stretch out my
today but I would not stretch out my hand against the Lord's anointed and
hand against the Lord's anointed and
hand against the Lord's anointed and indeed as your life was valued much this
indeed as your life was valued much this
indeed as your life was valued much this day in my eyes so let my life be valued
day in my eyes so let my life be valued
day in my eyes so let my life be valued much in the eyes of the Lord and let him
much in the eyes of the Lord and let him
much in the eyes of the Lord and let him deliver me out of all tribulation may
deliver me out of all tribulation may
deliver me out of all tribulation may you be blessed my son David you shall
you be blessed my son David you shall
you be blessed my son David you shall both do great things and also still
both do great things and also still
both do great things and also still prevail so David went on his way and
prevail so David went on his way and
prevail so David went on his way and Saul returned to his place